We can choose the way of our future
Try a brand new path
If I change the world…
Say goodbye to everyone
Who stands against us
No one has the power to stop a change
That comes through music
No, you can't stop magic
Close your eyes
And you can see the future before you
Every note I sing is bringin' you closer
To your purpose
Once your there don't let go
You wanna play a real game,
Unfurl the chain
Melody strung out like
We're walkin' on a tight rope
Don't wanna cry, don't wanna try,
Wanna forget
Just let me live inside a dreamland
Wanna be free!
And let a brand new era dawn
I know that we can
Create a New World!
We can choose the way of our future
Try a brand new path
If I change the world…
This boundless music
Brings transformation
Messages in song
Reach even further
This dream will come true
I believe in you
Say goodbye to everything
That's weighing you down
Transcend beyond reality
To colorful worlds of music
We need to keep on rising
Close your eyes and take my hand
We're runnin' together
We don't have to live like this,
I know we can all do better
I sing for liberation
You wanna play a real game,
Unfurl the chain
Melody lighting up the path
To new horizons
Don't wanna cry, don't wanna try,
Wanna forget
Just let me live inside a dreamland
Wanna be free!
And let a brand new era dawn
I know that we can
Create a New World!
We can choose the way of our future
Try a brand new path
If I change the world…
This boundless music
Brings transformation
Messages in song
Reach even further
A New Genesis